obviously becoming a parent stressful and requires time both to take care
of your spouse because they're gonna be down and just going through
childbirth and spending time with your new child or baby. So I think
communication with your chain of command is first and foremost.
I don't know any leader who would not want to give their sailor or
Marine an opportunity to spend time with their family, but also understand
that there are sometimes limitations where you are in a location
where you can't necessarily make it back. And so having those, um,
those conditions with your family back home to make sure that they're
taking care of is also an important feature.